[DOCFIX] Add overview of stress bench (#13939)
Alluxio/alluxio: docs/en/operation/StressBench.md

---
layout: global
title: StressBench Framework
nickname: StressBench
group: Operations
priority: 7
---

* Table of Contents
  {:toc}

The Alluxio system runs in different environments with different hardware for various purposes. The
StressBench test suite is a performance benchmark suite to help you understand the performance of
Alluxio in different scenarios. It will help you quickly test and analyze the Alluxio usage in your
environment by simply running the command line.

> The StressBench is consisted of different tests to help you test the metadata and IO performance of
> the Alluxio system. The following benchmark tools are currently supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The StressBench is consisted of different tests to help you measure various aspects of the Alluxio system including 
metadata and IO. The following benchmark tools are currently supported:
```

* `StressMasterBench` - A benchmark tool measuring the master performance of Alluxio.
* `StressClientBench` - A benchmark tool measuring the IO performance of Alluxio through the client.

> * `StressWorkerBench` - A benchmark tool measuring the IO performance of Alluxio with single node.

Reviewer: I feel the description are a little unclear. For example for the "master performance of Alluxio" maybe it's better to mention the metadata operations? Same for the other two commands. Maybe we can further clarify what "through the client" means to a user? Also is `StressWorkerBench` using only a single node (I don't know how this test works but this descriptions makes me want to ask)?

> * `UfsIOBench` - A benchmark tool measuring the IO performance to UFS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `UfsIOBench` - A benchmark tool measuring the IO throughput between the Alluxio cluster and the UFS.
```

* `FuseIOBench` - A benchmark tool measuring the IO performance of Alluxio through Fuse interface.

## High-Level Design
StressBench is a job that runs with the job service. Therefore, the design follows what the job
service supports. There are a few components for StressBench as follows:

### Client CLI
The user-facing CLI program allows you to invoke the StressBench tasks through the command line.

### Job Definition
This is the definition of the job master, which is invoked by the client CLI program, and will
further coordinate distributed tasks for the job.

### Distributed Tasks
These tasks are run on the job worker, and eventually report back to the job master.

## Consistent Results
When testing results are inconsistent and wildy variable, it makes trusting the results more
difficult. Therefore, there are some features that help StressBench to be consistent with results.

### Barriers

> Barriers are one way that StressBench tries to achieve consistent results. This allows distributed

Reviewer: How are the start time determined? I feel like using a start time heuristically does not give something equivalent to what we mean typically by "Barrier" with signals and conditions? (I'm not sure how to improve the description here).

Author: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barrier_(computer_science) barrier is a fair statement here.
You can check https://github.com/Alluxio/alluxio/blob/v2.4.1/stress/shell/src/main/java/alluxio/stress/cli/StressMasterBench.java#L224 to see how we define the timestamp of when the tasks should start in `StressMasterBench`
, and https://github.com/Alluxio/alluxio/blob/v2.4.1/job/server/src/main/java/alluxio/job/plan/stress/StressBenchDefinition.java#L161 for `start time`.

tasks to all start simultaneously and not stagger the starting of the distributed tasks. The job
definition will define the timestamp of when the tasks should start. This depends on the timestamps
of the job workers to be in sync. Then, the tasks themselves can use that start time to ensure all
tasks and threads start at the defined time. This ensures that all distributed tasks and threads
start at the same time for the testing.

### Duration-based testing (with warmups)
Another way to improve the consistency of results is to run tests with warmups and also for a
defined amount of time. If a particular thread or task is finished first, it would also provide any
load to the system instead of ending with an idle stage. That means tasks could start at the same
times and end at the same times, which will ensure the system is under load during the whole testing

> time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
period.
```

---
layout: global
title: StressBench Framework
nickname: StressBench
group: Operations
priority: 7
---

* Table of Contents
  {:toc}

The Alluxio system runs in different environments with different hardware for various purposes. The
StressBench test suite is a performance benchmark suite to help you understand the performance of
Alluxio in different scenarios. It will help you quickly test and analyze the Alluxio usage in your
environment by simply running the command line.

The StressBench is consisted of different tests to help you test the metadata and IO performance of
the Alluxio system. The following benchmark tools are currently supported:
* `StressMasterBench` - A benchmark tool measuring the master performance of Alluxio.
* `StressClientBench` - A benchmark tool measuring the IO performance of Alluxio through the client.
* `StressWorkerBench` - A benchmark tool measuring the IO performance of Alluxio with single node.

> * `UfsIOBench` - A benchmark tool measuring the IO performance to UFS.

Author: @jiacheliu3 is this a fair statement for UfsIOBench?

Reviewer: See suggested change

> * `FuseIOBench` - A benchmark tool measuring the IO performance of Alluxio through Fuse interface.

Author: @LuQQiu @ssz1997 is this a fair statement for `FuseIOBench`?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, it looks good

> 

Author: @jiacheliu3 is there any one-line summary for `RPCBench`?

Reviewer: Actually `RpcBench` is a parent class with 3 children implementations. See if the lines below makes sense

```
RpcBench - A benchmark tool which simulates RPCs with a specified load and concurrency. Below are currently 3 implementations of RpcBench, each simulating one specific RPC. This tool is used to incur RPC stress on the master in a controlled manner.
RegisterWorkerBench - An implementation of RpcBench which simulates the RegisterWorker RPC.
WorkerHeartbeatBench - An implementation of RpcBench which simulates the WorkerHeartbeat RPC.
GetPinnedFileIdsBench - An implementation of RpcBench which simulates the GetPinnedFileIds RPC.
```

Author: I put the summary of `RpcBench` in this section, we can put the details of RPCBench in RPCBench section in following pr

### Distributed Tasks
These tasks are run on the job worker, and eventually report back to the job master.

## Consistent Results

> When testing results are inconsistent and wildy variable, it makes trusting the results more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When testing results are inconsistent and wildly variable, it makes trusting the results more
```
